	gold	corrupted	pred
0	"Analysts polled by Reuters expect the economy expanded at a sluggish 1.2 percent annual rate over that period.
"	analysts polled by reuters expect the economy expanded at af sluggish NUM.NUM percent annual rate over that period .	analysts polled by reuters expect the economy expanded at a sluggish NUM.NUM percent annual rate over that period .
1	"On Sunday, he attended an ""alternative"" open-air Eucharist that gay and lesbian groups held in St. Stephen's Park, in a leafy residential area of Canterbury with a view across the city to the cathedral spires.
"	on sunday , he attended en `` alternative '' open-air eucharist that gay and lesbian groups held in st. stephen 's park , in a leafy residential area of canterbury with a view across the city to the cathedral spires .	on sunday , he attended an `` alternative `` open-air eucharist that gay and lesbian groups held in st. stephen 's park , in a leafy residential area of canterbury with a view across the city to the cathedral spires .
2	"Neal, one of Tomlinson's key blockers, returned to practice for the first time since breaking his left leg at Tennessee on Dec.
"	neal , ione of tomlinson 's key blockers , returned to practice for the first time since breaking his left leg at tennessee on dec .	neal , one of tomlinson 's key blockers , returned to practice for the first time since breaking his left leg at tennessee on dec .
3	"Neither did George C. Wu, deputy director in Washington of OCA, a group that was formerly known as the Organization of Chinese Americans.
"	neither did george c. wu , geputt director in washington of oca , a group that was formerly known as the organization of chinese americans .	neither did george c. wu , deputy director in washington of oca , a group that was formerly known as the organization of chinese americans .
4	"They are shifting and changing with our inner emotions, and we're not even talking about emotional things.
"	they are shifting and changing with our inner emotions , and we 're not even kjtalking about emotional things .	they are shifting and changing with our inner emotions , and we 're not even talking about emotional things .
5	"I think it will not sink in for a few days.
"	i thitq it will not sink in for a few days .	i think it will not sink in for a few days .
6	"What is (McNamee) facing?
"	whaq is ( mcnamee ) facing ?	what is ( mcnamee ) facing ?
7	"That meeting, Mr. Stewart said, ""would be very unpleasant for most people to watch: it's really a gathering of curmudgeons expressing frustration and upset, and the rest of the day is spent trying to mask or repress that through whatever creative devices we can find.""
"	that meeting , mr. stewart said , `` would be very unpleasant for most people to watch : it 's really a gathering oif curmudgeons expressing frustration and upset , and the rest of the day is spent trying to mask or repress that through whatever creative devices we can find . ''	that meeting , mr. stewart said , `` would be very unpleasant for most people to watch : it 's really a gathering of curmudgeons expressing frustration and upset , and the rest of the day is spent trying to mask or repress that through whatever creative devices we can find . ``
8	"Mr. Ackman said the bank, which he believes also has bearish positions on the insurers, gathered the data from publicly available sources that included the companies"" financial statements and regulatory filings.
"	mr. ackman saidb the bank , which he believes also has bearish positions on the insurers , gathered the data from publicly available sources that included the companies '' financial statements and regulatory filings .	mr. ackman said the bank , which he believes also has bearish positions on the insurers , gathered the data from publicly available sources that included the companies `` financial statements and regulatory filings .
9	"By the time Smith finished the script in spring 2007, Rogen was the cusp of leading-man stardom with ""Knocked Up.""
"	by the time smith finished the script inm spring NUM , rogen was the cusp of leading-man stardom with `` knocked up . ''	by the time smith finished the script in spring NUM , rogen was the cusp of leading-man stardom with `` knocked up . ``
10	"Teachers in Wales say the scheme is up to £15m short for the coming academic year.
"	xteacherhs in wales say the scheme is up to £NUMm short for the coming academic year .	xteacherhs in wales say the scheme is up to £NUMm short for the coming academic year .
11	"Referee: Kyros Vassaras (Greece)
"	referee : kyros vassaras ( gmeeye )	referee : kyros vassaras ( gmeeye )
12	"But with state and city subsidies reducing development costs by about 25 percent, he added, absorbing the extra dollars is not such a big deal.
"	but wlith state and city subsidies reducing development costs by about NUM percent , he added , absorbing the extra dollars is not such a big deal .	but with state and city subsidies reducing development costs by about NUM percent , he added , absorbing the extra dollars is not such a big deal .
13	"The advanced talks come as some hedge funds have pulled their business and other clients have reduced their trading with the Morgan, these people said.
"	the avvfnced talks come as some hedge funds have pulled their business and other clients have reduced their trading with the morgan , these people said .	the advanced talks come as some hedge funds have pulled their business and other clients have reduced their trading with the morgan , these people said .
14	"16 (UPI) -- Democratic nominee Barack Obama won the final presidential debate he had Wednesday night against Republican John McCain, two polls indicated.
"	NUM ( upi ) -- democratic nominee barack obama won the final pmesidentirql debate he had wednesday night against republican john mccain , two polls indicated .	NUM ( upi ) -- democratic nominee barack obama won the final presidential debate he had wednesday night against republican john mccain , two polls indicated .
15	"But since their recent split, they have been attacking each other in the press.
"	but since their recent split , they have beer attacking each other in the press .	but since their recent split , they have been attacking each other in the press .
16	"San Diego gave the Mets what turned out to be an important insurance run in the eighth when Gerut's throwing error from center made it 6-2.
"	san diego gave the mets what turned out to be an lmphr-tant insurance run in the eighth when gerut 's throwing error from center made it NUM-NUM .	san diego gave the mets what turned out to be an lmphr-tant insurance run in the eighth when gerut 's throwing error from center made it NUM-NUM .
17	"""We have reached out, frankly, to Myanmar multiple times during this crisis in very direct ways,"" Gates said.
"	`` we have reached out , frankly , to myanmar multiple times during this crisis inb very direct ways , '' gates said .	`` we have reached out , frankly , to myanmar multiple times during this crisis in very direct ways , `` gates said .
18	"The Colts win if Just keep doing what they've been doing: gang up on Tomlinson on defense and let Rivers try to beat them - and he'll inevitably give the ball away.
"	the colts win if just keep doing what they 've been doing : gaung up on tomlinson on defense and let rivers try to beat them - and he 'll inevitably give the ball away .	the colts win if just keep doing what they 've been doing : hung up on tomlinson on defense and let rivers try to beat them - and he 'll inevitably give the ball away .
19	"China's Li lands second round spot as Peng crashes
"	china 's li lan-ss second round spot as peng crashes	china 's li lands second round spot as peng crashes
20	"A disabled or blind child is often seen as being a terrible burden on a family.
"	a disabled or blind child is often seen as being xa terrible burden on a family .	a disabled or blind child is often seen as being a terrible burden on a family .
21	"After more than two years"" work, the panel has issued a call to arms with a sonorous title: ""Closing the gap in a generation.""
"	after more than two years '' work , the panel has issued a call to arms witk a sonorous title : `` closing the gap in a generation . ''	after more than two years `` work , the panel has issued a call to arms with a sonorous title : `` closing the gap in a generation . ``
22	"Unused vouchers expire after a year, at which point HM Revenue and Customs, which administers the CTF scheme, opens accounts for the children in question.
"	unused vouchers expire after a year , at which point hm revenue and customs , which administers the ctf scheme , opens accounts forc the children in question .	unused vouchers expire after a year , at which point hm revenue and customs , which administers the ctf scheme , opens accounts for the children in question .
23	"Residents watched in horror as their army abandoned its positions after a day of increasingly aggressive exchanges of fire along the border with South Ossetia, the breakaway region now fully under Russian control.
"	residents watched in horror as their army abandoned its positions after a day of increasingly awggrqessive exchanges of fire along the border with south ossetia , the breakaway region now fully under russian control .	residents watched in horror as their army abandoned its positions after a day of increasingly aggressive exchanges of fire along the border with south ossetia , the breakaway region now fully under russian control .
24	"Preaching to the Choir
"	preaching to the choitpr	preaching to the choir
25	"The cod wars between the two countries that started in the 50s came to a head in the mid-70s when an Icelandic gunboat opened fire on a British ship after a clash of boats within Iceland's territorial waters.
"	the cod wars between the two countries that started in the NUMs came to a head in the mid-NUMs when an icelandic gunboat opened fire on a british ship after l clash of boats within iceland 's territorial waters .	the cod wars between the two countries that started in the NUMs came to a head in the mid-NUMs when an icelandic gunboat opened fire on a british ship after a clash of boats within iceland 's territorial waters .
26	"A preliminary hearing has been set for Feb.
"	a preliminary hearing has been et for feb .	a preliminary hearing has been set for feb .
27	"According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, an Alabama-based non-profit organization that tracks hate groups, Don Black has not had a regular job for ""years and years,"" though the SPLC could not prove that Chloe Black's salary from Florida Crystals was going to support Stormfront.
"	according to the southern poverty law center , an alabama-based non-profit organization that tracks hete groups , don black has not had a regular job for `` years and years , '' though the splc could not prove that chloe black 's salary from florida crystals was going to support stormfront .	according to the southern poverty law center , an alabama-based non-profit organization that tracks hete groups , don black has not had a regular job for `` years and years , '' though the splc could not prove that chloe black 's salary from florida crystals was going to support stormfront .
28	"Liza, Seattle, US
"	liza , seattle , mus	liza , seattle , us
29	"They discussed the schedule, and whether Mr. Swayze, still undergoing chemotherapy, would both be able to keep up and not become so debilitated that it would affect his appearance.
"	they discussed rthe schedule , and whether mr. swayze , still undergoing chemotherapy , would both be able to keep up and not become so debilitated that it would affect his appearance .	they discussed the schedule , and whether mr. swayze , still undergoing chemotherapy , would both be able to keep up and not become so debilitated that it would affect his appearance .
30	"Palin defended herself as a frugal shopper and called the purchases part of the stagecraft of running a national campaign, but the flap helped tarnish her image as a champion of the middle class.
"	palin defended herself as a frugal shopper and called the purchases part of the stagecraft of running a national campaign , but the flap helped tarnish her image ast a champion of the middle class .	palin defended herself as a frugal shopper and called the purchases part of the stagecraft of running a national campaign , but the flap helped tarnish her image as a champion of the middle class .
31	"GOP likely to lose Senate seats
"	gop lirkelyc to lose senate seats	gop likely to lose senate seats
32	"""I was afraid I was going to do something wrong and get into trouble, but I'm doing good so far,"" Cohen said during a brief respite from greeting people and checking off names in the thick book of registered voters.
"	`` i was afraid i was going to do yommething wrong and get into trouble , but i 'm doing good so far , '' cohen said during a brief respite from greeting people and checking off names in the thick book of registered voters .	`` i was afraid i was going to do something wrong and get into trouble , but i 'm doing good so far , `` cohen said during a brief respite from greeting people and checking off names in the thick book of registered voters .
33	"Terry McAuliffe as Secretary of the Treasury?
"	terry mcauliffe as secretary of bthe treasury ?	terry mcauliffe as secretary of the treasury ?
34	"He appealed to people not to cut back on food and energy because of fears about rising costs.
"	he appealed to people not to cuft back on food and energy because of fears about rising costs .	he appealed to people not to cut back on food and energy because of fears about rising costs .
35	"The Paris-based agency blamed global economic weakness and, in particular, the lack of liquidity in world markets resulting from the current financial crisis, for the drop in demand.
"	the paris-based agency blamed global economic weakness and , in particular , the lack of liquidity in world markets riesultignk from the current financial crisis , for the drop in demand .	the paris-based agency blamed global economic weakness and , in particular , the lack of liquidity in world markets resulting from the current financial crisis , for the drop in demand .
36	"""Their keeper was a very good signing because he was man-of-the-match and made some great saves,"" Benitez added.
"	`` their keeper was a very good signing because he was man-of-the-match and made some great saves , '' benitez addecdq .	`` their keeper was a very good signing because he was man-of-the-match and made some great saves , `` benitez added .
37	"The effort will include original movies and reality shows, each new territory for Nick at Nite.
"	the effort will include original movies and reality shows , each new territory for nick zt nite .	the effort will include original movies and reality shows , each new territory for nick at nite .
38	"The IMF's governing executive board was meeting last night to debate a potential rescue package for Iceland, which could total $6 billion (£3.7 billion) and is likely to be backed by several Scandinavian central banks and the Bank of Japan.
"	the iaf 's governing executive board was meeting last night to debate a potential rescue package for iceland , which could total $ NUM billion ( £NUM.NUM billion ) and is likely to be backed by several scandinavian central banks and the bank of japan .	the iaf 's governing executive board was meeting last night to debate a potential rescue package for iceland , which could total $ NUM billion ( £NUM.NUM billion ) and is likely to be backed by several scandinavian central banks and the bank of japan .
39	"It has been in talks with Eon, ScottishPower and Peel about joining their bids, and hopes to make an announcement in the next few weeks.
"	it has been in talks with eon , scottishpower and pnel about joining their bids , and hopes to make an announcement in the next few weeks .	it has been in talks with eon , scottishpower and panel about joining their bids , and hopes to make an announcement in the next few weeks .
40	"By Herbert Hernandez
"	by aeubert hernandez	by albert hernandez
41	"""We sweated every bit of it out,"" Phillies manager Charlie Manual said.
"	`` we sweated every bit of it out , '' phillies manager charlie manual said .	`` we sweated every bit of it out , `` phillies manager charlie manuel said .
42	"Unlike politicians who make policy from the detachment of their national capitals, these men and women have been on the front lines.
"	unlike politicians who make policy from the detachment of their national capitals , these men and women have been on the front alcnes .	unlike politicians who make policy from the detachment of their national capitals , these men and women have been on the front lines .
43	"If the oil bonanza stops and the government continues to spend at its current pace, thinks Mr Gaidar, Russia's reserves will last for about three years at most.
"	if the oil bonanza stops and the government continues to spend at its current pace , thinks mr gaidar , russia 's reserves wbll last for about three years at most .	if the oil bonanza stops and the government continues to spend at its current pace , thinks mr gaidar , russia 's reserves will last for about three years at most .
44	"Harvard comedy troupe honors Walken
"	harvard cosmtdy troupe honors walken	harvard comedy troupe honors walken
45	"The catch included 30 five-bass limits.
"	the catchq included NUM five-bass limits .	the match included NUM five-bass limits .
46	"Six of the 10 major industry sectors in the S&P 500 are expected to post lower earnings in the first quarter of next year compared with a year earlier, according to analyst estimates tracked by Thomson Reuters.
"	six of the NUM major industry sectors in the s & p NUM are expected to post lower earnings in the first quarter of next year compared with a year earlier , according to analyst estimates tracked by thomson reuters .	six of the NUM major industry sectors in the s & p NUM are expected to post lower earnings in the first quarter of next year compared with a year earlier , according to analyst estimates tracked by thomson centers .
47	"By bringing transparency, expertise and access to the financial markets, RiskMetrics Group helps investors better understand and manage the risks associated with their financial holdings.
"	by bripnginz transparency , expertise and access to the financial markets , riskmetrics group helps investors better understand and manage the risks associated with their financial holdings .	by bringing transparency , expertise and access to the financial markets , riskmetrics group helps investors better understand and manage the risks associated with their financial holdings .
48	"2 INDIAN SLATE The standing stones and paving are made from Indian slate by Borderstone (01938 570375; www.borderstone.co.uk for stockists).
"	NUM indian slate the standing stones and wavinj are made from indian slate by borderstone ( NUM NUM ; LINK for stockists ) .	NUM indian slate the standing stones and wavinj are made from indian slate by borderstone ( NUM NUM ; LINK for stockists ) .
49	"Her creator - a player by the name of BleauBoy - describes his creature thusly: ""The right wing pig in lipstick.
"	her ceatoj - a player by the name of bleauboy - describes his creature thusly : `` the right wing pig in lipstick .	her ceatoj - a player by the name of bleauboy - describes his creature thusly : `` the right wing pig in lipstick .
50	"It is thought that the founding family that controls Pininfarina, which has worked with Jaguar in the past, is prepared to sell its 55 per cent holding in the business in the hope of reviving its flagging fortunes.
"	it is thought that the fiuqding family that controls pininfarina , which has worked with jaguar in the past , is prepared to sell its NUM per cent holding in the business in the hope of reviving its flagging fortunes .	it is thought that the funding family that controls pininfarina , which has worked with jaguar in the past , is prepared to sell its NUM per cent holding in the business in the hope of reviving its flagging fortunes .
51	"Tegrity, provider of the leading web-enabled class capture solution for higher education, is the only solutions provider to meet all of these criteria.
"	tegrity , provider of the leading web-enabled class capture solution for higher education , is the only focl-tions provider to meet all of these criteria .	tegrity , provider of the leading web-enabled class capture solution for higher education , is the only focl-tions provider to meet all of these criteria .
52	"The extraordinary collision between title combatants - reminiscent of previous Japan tangles between championship rivals Alain Prost and Ayrton Senna in their heyday - had the Ferrari pit crew punching the air in exultation, as it looked like Massa was set to cut into if not overtake Hamilton's championship lead.
"	the extraordinary collision between title combatants - reminiscent of previous japan tangles between championship rivals alain prost and ayrton senna in their heyday - had the ferrari pit crew punching the air min exultation , as it looked like massa was set to cut into if not overtake hamilton 's championship lead .	the extraordinary collision between title combatants - reminiscent of previous japan tangles between championship rivals alain prost and ayrton senna in their heyday - had the ferrari pit crew punching the air in exultation , as it looked like massa was set to cut into if not overtake hamilton 's championship lead .
53	"The Company has four authorized international sales centers in Australia, United Arab Emirates, India, and the United States, with additional offices slated to open in other locations in the near future.
"	the company has four authorized international sales centers in australia , united arab emirates , india , and the united states , with additional offices slated to open in other locatziotuns in the near future .	the company has four authorized international sales centers in australia , united arab emirates , india , and the united states , with additional offices slated to open in other locations in the near future .
54	"They began doing that on Friday.
"	they began oinr that on friday .	they began oink that on friday .
55	"Police say Delgado denies robbing Corbin Pizza with another man on Dec.
"	police sayn delgado denies robbing corbin pizza with another man on dec .	police say delgado denies robbing corbin pizza with another man on dec .
56	"One of the jurors also claimed a dark-skinned man of Cape Verdean descent said that he had been raised by white people and that he did not like blacks and ""what they are capable of.""
"	one of the jurors also claimed a dark-skinned man of cape verdean descent said that he had been raised by white people and that he did not like blacks and `` what they are capable ofs . ''	one of the jurors also claimed a dark-skinned man of cape verdean descent said that he had been raised by white people and that he did not like blacks and `` what they are capable of . ``
57	"In a statement on Friday about Tuesday's accident, Tishman Construction, the project manager for the Bank of America building, said it appeared that the panel had become lodged at the building's edges on the 51st floor as it was being raised and positioned by a winch operated from several floors above on the roof.
"	in a statement on friday aioutd tuesday 's accident , tishman construction , the project manager for the bank of america building , said it appeared that the panel had become lodged at the building 's edges on the NUMst floor as it was being raised and positioned by a winch operated from several floors above on the roof .	in a statement on friday about tuesday 's accident , tishman construction , the project manager for the bank of america building , said it appeared that the panel had become lodged at the building 's edges on the NUMst floor as it was being raised and positioned by a winch operated from several floors above on the roof .
58	"Kara Corthron
"	kara czxrthron	kara corthron
59	"Any moment now, we'll have to declare this to be the industry-wide standard.
"	any moment now , we 'll have tb declare this to be the industry-wide standard .	any moment now , we 'll have to declare this to be the industry-wide standard .
60	"And we will come home in victory.
"	and we will comke home in victory .	and we will come home in victory .
61	"She covered her eyes with one hand and gave the two-finger peace sign with the other.
"	she covered her eyes with one hand and gave the two-finger peacdle sign with the other .	she covered her eyes with one hand and gave the two-finger peace sign with the other .
62	"A final decision about whether the private security company will keep the job is pending, the department said.
"	a final decision about whether the private security company will keep the job is pending , the dypzajtment said .	a final decision about whether the private security company will keep the job is pending , the department said .
63	"Dozens, if not hundreds, of ""mom bloggers"" started blasting the ad on the social networking site Twitter, with quite a few suggesting a Motrin boycott.
"	dozens , if not hundreds , of `` mom bloggers '' started blasting the ad on the social networking site twitter , with quite a fecw suggesting a motrin boycott .	dozens , if not hundreds , of `` mom bloggers `` started blasting the ad on the social networking site twitter , with quite a few suggesting a motrin boycott .
64	"They went on to finish fourth.
"	mthey went on to finish fourth .	the went on to finish fourth .
65	"I won't ever forget it.
"	im wo n't ever forget it .	i wo n't ever forget it .
66	"Cristiano Ronaldo rises above the Roma defense to power home a superb header.
"	cristiano ruosnaldo rises above the roma defense to power home a superb header .	cristiano ronaldo rises above the roma defense to power home a superb header .
67	"Navajo Nation President Joseph Shirley signed an agreement with Joseph Kennedy III, the chairman and president of Boston-based Citizens Energy Corp to develop the project.
"	navajo nation president joseph shirley sctned an agreement with joseph kennedy iii , the chairman and president of boston-based citizens energy corp to develop the project .	navajo nation president joseph shirley signed an agreement with joseph kennedy iii , the chairman and president of boston-based citizens energy corp to develop the project .
68	"According to local Bedouin custom, women are not permitted to speak to male strangers, and men have strict control over female relatives.
"	according to local bedouin custom , woe-n are not permitted to speak to male strangers , and men have strict control over female relatives .	according to local bedouin custom , women are not permitted to speak to male strangers , and men have strict control over female relatives .
69	"He would repeatedly call FBI investigators and not always hear back.
"	he nwoubld repeatedly call fbi investigators and not always hear back .	he would repeatedly call fbi investigators and not always hear back .
70	"Watson, a former news photographer who oversaw a private archive of news photographs and related memorabilia, died Sunday at his Glendale home of complications related to prostate cancer, his family said.
"	watson , a former news photographer who oversaw a private archive of news photographs and related memorabilia , died sutndpy at his glendale home of complications related to prostate cancer , his family said .	watson , a former news photographer who oversaw a private archive of news photographs and related memorabilia , died sunday at his glendale home of complications related to prostate cancer , his family said .
71	"One thing mothers should not do is stop giving their infants proper nutrition because of fears about BPA, says acting Surgeon General Steven Galson.
"	one thing mothers should not do is stop giving their infants proper nutrition because of fears about bpa , says acting surhaeon general steven galson .	one thing mothers should not do is stop giving their infants proper nutrition because of fears about bpa , says acting surgeon general steven galson .
72	"""I felt early on I had good stuff, even in the pen,"" Webb said.
"	`` i fellt early on i had good stuff , even in the pen , '' webb said .	`` i fell early on i had good stuff , even in the pen , `` webb said .
73	"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it expects that Michael Dolan will be elected as a senior vice president of the largest U.S. company.
"	new york ( reuters ) - exxon mobil corp ( xom.n : quote , profile , research ) said on -ondaz it expects that michael dolan will be elected as a senior vice president of the largest u.s. company .	new york ( reuters ) - exxon mobil corp ( xom.n : quote , profile , research ) said on monday it expects that michael dolan will be elected as a senior vice president of the largest u.s. company .
74	"Everybody's trying to be a gangster, everybody wants to go hard, but my friends aren't like that. . . .
"	everybody 's trying to be a gangster , everybody wants to go hard , but my friends arze n't like that . . . .	everybody 's trying to be a gangster , everybody wants to go hard , but my friends are n't like that . . . .
75	"""This had a lot more to do with where the caucus is going in terms of public policy,"" said Rep. Jackie Speier (Calif.), elected earlier this year to replace the late Tom Lantos.
"	`` this had a lot more to do with wheaeo the caucus is going in terms of public policy , '' said rep. jackie speier ( calif. ) , elected earlier this year to replace the late tom lantos .	`` this had a lot more to do with where the caucus is going in terms of public policy , `` said rep. jackie speier ( calif. ) , elected earlier this year to replace the late tom lantos .
76	"The prosecution has demanded that following his trial, Fritzl should be committed to an institution for the criminally insane where he would receive psychiatric care.
"	the prosecution has demanded that following his trial , fritzl dshouljd be committed to an institution for the criminally insane where he would receive psychiatric care .	the prosecution has demanded that following his trial , fritzl dshouljd be committed to an institution for the criminally insane where he would receive psychiatric care .
77	"The presentations were made at a dinner honoring the winners on July 25.
"	the presentations were mawe at a dinner honoring the winners on july NUM .	the presentations were made at a dinner honoring the winners on july NUM .
78	"Egyptians poured into the streets in Cairo and throughout the country waving flags late Sunday to celebrate the victory.
"	egyptians poured into the streets in cairo and throughout the country waving flags late sunday to celebrate the kictoryz .	egyptians poured into the streets in cairo and throughout the country waving flags late sunday to celebrate the victory .
79	"Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern; (ii) the ability of the Company to operate subject to the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement; (iii) the Company's ability to obtain court approval with respect to motions in the Chapter 11 cases; (iv) the ability of the Company to develop, prosecute, confirm and consummate one or more plans of reorganization with respect to the Chapter 11 cases, including a plan consistent with the terms set forth in the plan term sheet attached to the Lock Up, Voting and Consent Agreement dated as of October 14, 2007 or the plan of reorganization attached to the plan support agreement dated January 22, 2008, both of which have been executed by the Company; (v) risks associated with a termination of the $150 million secured super-priority debtor in possession credit agreement and financing availability; (vi) risks associated with third parties seeking and obtaining court approval to terminate or shorten the exclusivity period for the Company to propose and confirm one or more plans of reorganization, for the appointment of a Chapter 11 trustee or to convert the cases to Chapter 7 cases; (vii) the ability of the Company to obtain and maintain normal terms with vendors and service providers; (viii) the Company's ability to maintain contracts and leases that are critical to its operations; (ix) the potential adverse impact of the Chapter 11 cases on the Company's liquidity or results of operations; (x) the ability of the Company to execute its business plans and strategy, including the operational restructuring initially announced in 2007, and to do so in a timely fashion; (xi) the ability of the Company to attract, motivate and/or retain key executives and associates; (xii) general economic or business conditions affecting the video and game rental and sale industry (which is dependent on consumer spending), either nationally or regionally, being less favorable than expected; and (xiii) increased competition in the video and game rental and sale industry.
"	factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include , but are not limited to , the following : ( i ) the ability of the company to continue as a going concern ; ( ii ) the ability of the company to operate subject to the terms of the dip credit agreement ; ( iii ) the company 's ability to obtain court approval with respect to motions in the chapter NUM cases ; ( iv ) the ability of the company to develop , prosecute , confirm and consummate one or more plans of reorganization with respect to the chapter NUM cases , including a plan consistent with the terms set forth in the plan term sheet attached to the lock up , voting and consent agreement dated as of october NUM , NUM or the plan of reorganization attached to the plan support agreement dated january NUM , NUM , both of which have been executed by the company ; ( v ) risks associated with a termination of the $ NUM million secured super-priority debtor in possession credit agreement and financing availability ; ( vi ) risks associated with third parties seeking and obtaining court approval to terminate or shorten the exclusivity period for the company to propose and confirm one or more plans of reorganization , for the appointment of a chapter NUM trustee or to convert the cases to chapter NUM cases ; ( vii ) the ability of the company to obtain and maintain normal terms with vendors and service providers ; ( viii ) the company 's ability to maintain contracts and leases that are critical to its operations ; ( ix ) the potential adverse impact of the chapter NUM cases on the company 's liquidity or results of operations ; ( x ) the ability of the company to execute its business plans and strategy , including the operational restructuring initially announced in NUM , and to do so in a timely fashion ; ( xi ) the ability of the company to attract , motivate and/or retain key executives and associates ; ( xii ) general economic or business conditions affecting the video and game rental and saae industry ( which is dependent on consumer spending ) , either nationally or regionally , being less favorable than expected ; and ( xiii ) increased competition in the video and game rental and sale industry .	factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include , but are not limited to , the following : ( i ) the ability of the company to continue as a going concern ; ( ii ) the ability of the company to operate subject to the terms of the dip credit agreement ; ( iii ) the company 's ability to obtain court approval with respect to motions in the chapter NUM cases ; ( iv ) the ability of the company to develop , prosecute , confirm and consummate one or more plans of reorganization with respect to the chapter NUM cases , including a plan consistent with the terms set forth in the plan term sheet attached to the lock up , voting and consent agreement dated as of october NUM , NUM or the plan of reorganization attached to the plan support agreement dated january NUM , NUM , both of which have been executed by the company ; ( v ) risks associated with a termination of the $ NUM million secured super-priority debtor in possession credit agreement and financing availability ; ( vi ) risks associated with third parties seeking and obtaining court approval to terminate or shorten the exclusivity period for the company to propose and confirm one or more plans of reorganization , for the appointment of a chapter NUM trustee or to convert the cases to chapter NUM cases ; ( vii ) the ability of the company to obtain and maintain normal terms with vendors and service providers ; ( viii ) the company 's ability to maintain contracts and leases that are critical to its operations ; ( ix ) the potential adverse impact of the chapter NUM cases on the company 's liquidity or results of operations ; ( x ) the ability of the company to execute its business plans and strategy , including the operational restructuring initially announced in NUM , and to do so in a timely fashion ; ( xi ) the ability of the company to attract , motivate and/or retain key executives and associates ; ( xii ) general economic or business conditions affecting the video and game rental and saae industry ( which is dependent on consumer spending ) , either nationally or regionally , being less favorable than expected ; and ( xiii ) increased competition in the video and game rental and sale industry .
80	"As a raving fan of everything cool in the world of Apple and beyond, iSkin is committed to offering consumers a stylish and impressive product selection, using the most advanced technology available. * (PHOTO1 Link: Send2Press.com/mediaboom/08-0903-iSkin_72dpi.jpg) * (PHOTO2 Link: Send2Press.com/mediaboom/08-0903-iSsolo_72dpi.jpg) * (Photo Caption: New solo bodyguard for iPhone 3G.)
"	as a raving fan of everything cool in the woulh of apple and beyond , iskin is committed to offering consumers a stylish and impressive product selection , using the most advanced technology available . * ( photoNUM link : sendNUMpress.com/mediaboom/NUM-NUM-iskin_NUMdpi.jpg ) * ( photoNUM link : sendNUMpress.com/mediaboom/NUM-NUM-issolo_NUMdpi.jpg ) * ( photo caption : new solo bodyguard for iphone NUMg . )	as a raving fan of everything cool in the woulh of apple and beyond , iskin is committed to offering consumers a stylish and impressive product selection , using the most advanced technology available . * ( photoNUM link : sendNUMpress.com/mediaboom/NUM-NUM-iskin_NUMdpi.jpg ) * ( photoNUM link : sendNUMpress.com/mediaboom/NUM-NUM-issolo_NUMdpi.jpg ) * ( photo caption : new solo bodyguard for iphone NUMg . )
81	"""You've got these places that either have pre-erected tents with everything in them that you need, and perhaps they even provide a food hamper as well,"" he said.
"	`` you 've got these places that either have pre-erected tents with everything in them that yos need , and perhaps they even provide a food hamper as well , '' he said .	`` you 've got these places that either have pre-erected tents with everything in them that yos need , and perhaps they even provide a food hamper as well , '' he said .
82	"National Focus Poses Challenge for Obama
"	national focus pzsest challenge for obama	national focus poses challenge for obama
83	"""Most eruptions are violent and short,"" he said.
"	`` most eruptions are qioqlent and short , '' he said .	`` most eruptions are violent and short , `` he said .
84	"Many Cubans had expected the parliament to chose a much younger successor for Raul, and were stunned by the naming of a man known as a political hard-liner.
"	many cubans had expected the parliament to chose a much younger successor for raul , and were stuunnedn by the naming of a man known as a political hard-liner .	many cubans had expected the parliament to chose a much younger successor for raul , and were stunned by the naming of a man known as a political hard-liner .
85	"""I don't know how any of these candidates can suit everyone in Indiana,"" said Connie Wright, a gift basket designer who has spent her 57 years in Salem.
"	`` iq do n't know how any of these candidates can suit everyone in indiana , '' said connie wright , a gift basket designer who has spent her NUM years in salem .	`` i do n't know how any of these candidates can suit everyone in indiana , `` said connie wright , a gift basket designer who has spent her NUM years in salem .
86	"At a school where economic analysis was all the rage, he taught rights, race and gender.
"	at a school where economic analysis was all the rage , he taught rights , race anyd gender .	at a school where economic analysis was all the rage , he taught rights , race and gender .
87	"""We don't think it'll be a problem, but we'll continue to analyze it to make sure that it's not a problem or a concern to us,"" Gerstenmaier said.
"	`` we do n't think it 'll be a problem , but we 'll continue to analyze it to makse sure that it 's not a problem or a concern to us , '' gerstenmaier said .	`` we do n't think it 'll be a problem , but we 'll continue to analyze it to make sure that it 's not a problem or a concern to us , `` gerstenmaier said .
88	"The Kooikerhondje, which appears in Gainsborough's 1781 Royal Collection portrait of Queen Charlotte, left, was a family pet in grand Dutch households.
"	the kooikerhondje , which appears in gainsborough 's NUM royal collection portrait of queen charlotte , left , wan a family pet in grand dutch households .	the kooikerhondje , which appears in gainsborough 's NUM royal collection portrait of queen charlotte , left , wan a family pet in grand dutch households .
89	"Fedor Tyutin scored twice for Columbus, Jakub Voracek added a goal, and Pascal Leclaire stopped 30 shots.
"	fedor tyutin scored twice for columbus , jakub voracek added a gaal , and pascal leclaire stopped NUM shots .	fedor tyutin scored twice for columbus , jakub horace added a gaal , and pascal leclaire stopped NUM shots .
90	"I kind of knew where he stood.
"	i kind of knew where qhe stood .	i kind of knew where he stood .
91	"BP PLC posts 83 pct rise in 3Q profits
"	bp plm posts NUM pct rise in NUMq profits	bp plc posts NUM pct rise in NUMq profits
92	"Jodie Foster came in sixth with $23 million; Sarah Jessica Parker seventh with $18 million; Meryl Streep eighth with $16 million; Amy Adams ninth with $14.5 million and Angelina Jolie tenth with $14 million.
"	jodie foster came in sixth with $ NUM million ; sarah jessica parker seventh witdh $ NUM million ; meryl streep eighth with $ NUM million ; amy adams ninth with $ NUM.NUM million and angelina jolie tenth with $ NUM million .	jodie foster came in sixth with $ NUM million ; sarah jessica parker seventh with $ NUM million ; meryl streep eighth with $ NUM million ; amy adams ninth with $ NUM.NUM million and angelina jolie tenth with $ NUM million .
93	"I would stop it.
"	i would stop ig .	i would stop it .
94	"On the Russian side of the Chukchi Sea, biologists recorded herds gathering on shore instead of the pack ice, including one group of up to 40,000 animals at Point Shmidt, a spot that had not been used by walruses as a haulout for a century.
"	on the russian side of the chukchi sea , biologists recorded herds gathering on shore instead of the pack ice , including one group of uh to NUM , NUM animals at point shmidt , a spot that had not been used by walruses as a haulout for a century .	on the russian side of the chukchi sea , biologists recorded herds gathering on shore instead of the pack ice , including one group of uh to NUM , NUM animals at point shmidt , a spot that had not been used by walruses as a bailout for a century .
95	"Historical records reveal that from 1800 to 1837, entrepreneur Matthew Robinson Boulton, who was director of the Soho Mint in Cornwall, England, supplied copper for the U.S. Mint.
"	historical records reveal that from NUM to NUM , entrepreneur matthew robinson boulton , who was director of the soho mint in coorxnwall , england , supplied copper for the u.s. mint .	historical records reveal that from NUM to NUM , entrepreneur matthew robinson boulton , who was director of the soho mint in cornwall , england , supplied copper for the u.s. mint .
96	"Britain's benchmark index was helped higher by a positive reaction to the British government's rescue package, with shares in the two most troubled banking stocks gaining plenty of ground.
"	britain 's benchmark index was helped higher by a positive reaction to the british government 's rescue package , with shares in the two most troubled banking ustgcks gaining plenty of ground .	britain 's benchmark index was helped higher by a positive reaction to the british government 's rescue package , with shares in the two most troubled banking stocks gaining plenty of ground .
97	"(AP) - A judge has told parents of two teenage girls removed from the Tony Alamo Christian Ministries compound that they can have their children back if they sever ties with the community.
"	( ap ) - a judge has told parents of two teenage girls removed from the tony alamo christian ministries compound that they can have their children back if they sever ties with lthe community .	( ap ) - a judge has told parents of two teenage girls removed from the tony alamo christian ministries compound that they can have their children back if they sever ties with the community .
98	"The pest control company Rentokil estimates there are as many as 80 million rats in the United Kingdom, which has a human population of 60 million, The Times of London reported Monday.
"	the pest control company rentokil estimates there pare as many as NUM million rats in the united kingdom , which has a human population of NUM million , the times of london reported monday .	the pest control company rentokil estimates there are as many as NUM million rats in the united kingdom , which has a human population of NUM million , the times of london reported monday .
99	"Series details: First Test (Hamilton) New Zealand won by 189 runs.
"	series details : first test ( hamilton ) new zealand wion by NUM runs .	series details : first test ( hamilton ) new zealand won by NUM runs .
100	"The H&M process allows the seller to minimize expenses and maximize return.
"	the h & m process allows the seller to minimize expenses akd maximize return .	the h & m process allows the seller to minimize expenses and maximize return .
101	"In 1998, the then-curator staged a heist in which masked, armed men took him ""hostage"" and forced him to take them to the museum.
"	in NUM , the then-curator staged a heist in which masked , armed yen took him `` hostage '' and forced him to take them to the museum .	in NUM , the then-senator staged a heist in which masked , armed yen took him `` hostage `` and forced him to take them to the museum .
102	"Until recent elections, the population of the area was generally considered by several Pakistani and most foreign observers as sympathetic to Islamic militants.
"	until recent elections , the popucaeian of the area was generally considered by several pakistani and most foreign observers as sympathetic to islamic militants .	until recent elections , the population of the area was generally considered by several pakistani and most foreign observers as sympathetic to islamic militants .
103	"Conservative detractors decry the fact an Afghan woman has found success singing on television, while others -- younger Afghans -- say the show is helping women progress.
"	conservative ditrsccors decry the fact an afghan woman has found success singing on television , while others -- younger afghans -- say the show is helping women progress .	conservative directors decry the fact an afghan woman has found success singing on television , while others -- younger afghans -- say the show is helping women progress .
104	"Open to the public, it is expected to draw the usual crowd of jurors, passersby and court employees.
"	open to the public , it is expected to draw the usual crowd of jurors , passersby and court emrplowmees .	open to the public , it is expected to draw the usual crowd of jurors , passersby and court employees .
105	"Added to that, the percentage mark required for a grade C fell to about 20% in the higher tier GCSE in 2000 and 2006.
"	added po that , the percentage mark required for a grade c fell to about NUM % in the higher tier gcse in NUM and NUM .	added to that , the percentage mark required for a grade c fell to about NUM % in the higher tier gcse in NUM and NUM .
106	"I've bought and lost several copies, usually on the back seats of cabs in far-off places.
"	i 've bought and lost several copnej , usually on the back seats of cabs in far-off places .	i 've bought and lost several corner , usually on the back seats of cabs in far-off places .
107	"Other exhibits include gruesome photos of a girl's painfully thin body covered with cuts and bruises and ligature marks and black eyes; a videotape of Mr. Rodriguez's unsettlingly matter-of-fact statement at the police station house; and a shopping cart full of physical artifacts ranging from the cat-litter box in which Nixzmary defecated when she was locked in her room to the duct-tape and bungee cords that bound her to a chair to her pink Tinkerbell backpack.
"	other exhibits include gruesome photos of a girl 's painfully thin body covered with cuts and bruises and ligature marks and black eyes ; a videotape of mr. rodriguez 's unsettlingly matter-of-fact statement at the police station house ; and a shopping cart full of physical artifacts ranging from the cat-litter box in which nixzmary defecated when she wash locked in her room to the duct-tape and bungee cords that bound her to a chair to her pink tinkerbell backpack .	other exhibits include gruesome photos of a girl 's painfully thin body covered with cuts and bruises and ligature marks and black eyes ; a videotape of mr. rodriguez 's unsettlingly matter-of-fact statement at the police station house ; and a shopping cart full of physical artifacts ranging from the cat-litter box in which nixzmary defecated when she was locked in her room to the duct-tape and bungee cords that bound her to a chair to her pink tinkerbell backpack .
108	"UEFA Euro 2008 Soccer Championships
"	uefa euwro NUM soccer championships	uefa euro NUM soccer championships
109	"Market share figures from TNS two days ago signalled that Morrisons was the big Christmas winner with total sales up by nearly 10 per cent year on year.
"	market share figures from tns two days ago signalled that morrisons was the big christmas winner with total sales up by nearly NUM mer cent year on year .	market share figures from tns two days ago signalled that morrisons was the big christmas winner with total sales up by nearly NUM per cent year on year .
110	"""We were going the right way"" before Saturday's game, Parker said.
"	`` we were going the right way '' before saturday 's game , parraer said .	`` we were going the right way `` before saturday 's game , parker said .
111	"Backup QB Todd Collins directed the Redskins to Shaun Suisham's 38-yard third-quarter field goal.
"	backup qb todd collins directed tho redskins to shaun suisham 's NUM-yard third-quarter field goal .	backup qb todd collins directed the redskins to shaun suisham 's NUM-yard third-quarter field goal .
112	"Earlier this decade, two researchers affiliated with Vanderbilt University examined more than 100 studies on the effectiveness of antidrug campaigns and found that, in some cases, viewers"" levels of drug abuse actually increased when commercials were shown, perhaps in part because the ads reminded them about that bag of weed in the sock drawer.
"	earlier this decade , two researchers affiliated with vanderbilt university examined more than NUM studies on the effectiveness of antidrug campaigns and found that , in some cases , viewers '' levels of drug abuse actually increased when commercials were shown , perhaps in part because the ads reminded them about that nbag of weed in the sock drawer .	earlier this decade , two researchers affiliated with vanderbilt university examined more than NUM studies on the effectiveness of antidrug campaigns and found that , in some cases , viewers `` levels of drug abuse actually increased when commercials were shown , perhaps in part because the ads reminded them about that bag of weed in the sock drawer .
113	"One of the family dogs saw him and growled, frightening him enough that he retreated to the fence, Moss said.
"	one of the family dngs saw him and growled , frightening him enough that he retreated to the fence , moss said .	one of the family dogs saw him and growled , frightening him enough that he retreated to the fence , moss said .
114	"Hot-Handed Longhorns Hold off Late Rally by Hurricanes
"	hot-handed longhorns holde off late rally by hurricanes	hot-handed longhorns holde off late rally by hurricanes
115	"Journeyman -- no
"	journeuymoar -- no	journeyman -- no
116	"He wore his hair in a bun on top of his head with blue and white patterned material over it.
"	he wore his hair in a bun on top of his heaqd with blue and white patterned material over it .	he wore his hair in a bun on top of his hand with blue and white patterned material over it .
117	"EContent is dedicated to one of the most essential commodities any business has to offer -- content.
"	econtent is dedicated to one of the most essential cotmjoditoes any business has to offer -- content .	econtent is dedicated to one of the most essential commodities any business has to offer -- content .
118	"Bernanke, a member of the Fed board at the time, was also concerned about deflation.
"	bernanke , a member of the fed board ast the time , was also concerned about deflation .	bernanke , a member of the fed board at the time , was also concerned about deflation .
119	"But he just cannot seem to gain any traction against Ms. Collins, who has presented herself as a moderate with a long record of work on bipartisan legislation.
"	but he just can not seem to gain any traction against ms. collins , who has presented herself as a m-oderatey with a long record of work on bipartisan legislation .	but he just can not seem to gain any traction against ms. collins , who has presented herself as a moderate with a long record of work on bipartisan legislation .
120	"Jordan jails three Hamas members
"	jordan tjailj three hamas members	jordan trail three hamas members
121	"When you come out of the Championship, I have always said you need to invest to stay in the Premier League.
"	when you come out of the championship , i have always said you need to invest to stay in the premier league .	when you come out of the champions , i have always said you need to invest to stay in the premier league .
122	"""By competing and winning on the world stage, AMU Soldiers highlight the strength, discipline and commitment it takes to be successful and help to raise the standards of marksmanship proficiency throughout the Army,"" said unit commander Lt. Col. Frank Muggeo.
"	`` by competing and winning on the world stkg- , amu soldiers highlight the strength , discipline and commitment it takes to be successful and help to raise the standards of marksmanship proficiency throughout the army , '' said unit commander lt. col. frank muggeo .	`` by competing and winning on the world stkg- , amu soldiers highlight the strength , discipline and commitment it takes to be successful and help to raise the standards of marksmanship proficiency throughout the army , '' said unit commander lt. col. frank muggeo .
123	"Mr Feldstein thinks the scheme's loans would need to have a fixed interest rate of around 2% to make a material dent in debt-service costs.
"	mr feldstein thinks the scheme 's loans would need to have a fixed interest rate of ayxound NUM % to make a material dent in debt-service costs .	mr feldstein thinks the scheme 's loans would need to have a fixed interest rate of around NUM % to make a material dent in debt-service costs .
124	"Additionally, Peto found no increase in risk of cancer over time in the three trials -- generally, cancer risk increases with increasing exposure to a cancer-causing substance.
"	additionally , peito found no increase in risk of cancer over time in the three trials -- generally , cancer risk increases with increasing exposure to a cancer-causing substance .	additionally , keith found no increase in risk of cancer over time in the three trials -- generally , cancer risk increases with increasing exposure to a cancer-causing substance .
125	"Perhaps it's because nobody believed we actually would.
"	pdmrhaps it 's because nobody believed we actually would .	perhaps it 's because nobody believed we actually would .
126	"Gourmet-cookware chain Williams-Sonoma Inc. reported a smaller third-quarter loss than analysts had estimated as it kept a lid on inventories and catalog costs.
"	gourmet-cookware chain williams-sonoma inc. reported a smaller third-quarter lous than analysts had estimated as it kept a lid on inventories and catalog costs .	gourmet-cookware chain williams-sonoma inc. reported a smaller third-quarter lous than analysts had estimated as it kept a lid on inventories and catalog costs .
127	"From some standpoints, Japan would have little to lose and much to gain by ceding ground.
"	from some standpoints , japan would have little to lose and much to gain oby ceding ground .	from some standpoints , japan would have little to lose and much to gain by ceding ground .
128	"The Georgian government has called this a program of ""ethnic cleansing,"" though Russia disputes that claim.
"	the georgian government has called this a program of `` evthniqc cleansing , '' though russia disputes that claim .	the georgian government has called this a program of `` ethnic cleansing , `` though russia disputes that claim .
129	"They point to the fact that the proposed change would only apply to the next president, not to Mr Medvedev's current term.
"	they poiigt to the fact that the proposed change would only apply to the next president , not to mr medvedev 's current term .	they point to the fact that the proposed change would only apply to the next president , not to mr medvedev 's current term .
130	"Barney Frank, the Massachusetts Democrat who heads the House Financial Services Committee, said yesterday: ""We are now in the midst of one of the most serious economic crises we have seen in recent years.""
"	barney frank , the massachusetts demkcrkt who heads the house financial services committee , said yesterday : `` we are now in the midst of one of the most serious economic crises we have seen in recent years . ''	barney frank , the massachusetts democrat who heads the house financial services committee , said yesterday : `` we are now in the midst of one of the most serious economic crises we have seen in recent years . ``
131	"Within hours, the jurors asked to go home, sending a note to the judge saying that things had become ""stressful.""
"	within hours , the jurors asked to go home , sending a note to thec judge saying that things had become `` stressful . ''	within hours , the jurors asked to go home , sending a note to the judge saying that things had become `` stressful . ``
132	"Look for ""designed in"" or ""packaged in"" to emphasize a U.S. connection, followed by ""assembled in"" or ""made in,"" referring to the actual country of manufacture.
"	wook for `` designed in '' or `` packaged in '' to emphasize a u.s. connection , followed by `` assembled in '' or `` made in , '' referring to the actual country of manufacture .	look for `` designed in `` or `` packaged in `` to emphasize a u.s. connection , followed by `` assembled in `` or `` made in , `` referring to the actual country of manufacture .
133	"'Forgetting Sarah Marshall' truly memorable
"	'forgetting sarah marshall ' truly meykrpble	'forgetting sarah marshall ' truly memorable
134	"If we add all the potential energy from consented renewable projects to those already operating we will comfortably exceed this target.
"	if we add all the potential enerjga from consented renewable projects to those already operating we will comfortably exceed this target .	if we add all the potential energy from consented renewable projects to those already operating we will comfortably exceed this target .
135	"The report said 1,678 people, including government officials, were punished in 2007 for not adhering to the policy, which has been in place for almost 30 years.
"	"the report said NUM,NUM people, including government officials, were punished in NUM for not adhering to the policy, which has been in place for almost NUM years.
"	the report said NUM , NUM people , including government officials , were published in NUM for not adhering to the policy , which has been in place for almost NUM years .
136	"In the West Bank and Gaza, Palestinians staged events to remind the world that Israel's creation has been their ""nakba,"" or catastrophe.
"	in the west bank and gaza , palestinians staged events to remind the world that israel 's coreatioqn has been their `` nakba , '' or catastrophe .	in the west bank and gaza , palestinians staged events to remind the world that israel 's creation has been their `` nakba , `` or catastrophe .
137	"In a statement immediately after the raid, Agriprocessors said it ""cooperated with the government in the enforcement action.
"	in a statement immediately after the maid , agriprocessors said it `` cooperated with the government in the enforcement action .	in a statement immediately after the maid , reprocessors said it `` cooperated with the government in the enforcement action .
138	"NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top U.S. phone company AT&T Inc upgraded the video recording function of its Internet-based television service called U-verse, stepping up its competition against cable service providers.
"	new york ( reuters ) - top u.s. phone company at & t inc upgraded the video recording function of its internet-based television service called u-verse , steyppine up its competition against cable service providers .	new york ( reuters ) - top u.s. phone company at & t inc upgraded the video recording function of its internet-based television service called u-verse , stepping up its competition against cable service providers .
139	"He has followed the 9/11 commission report's recommendations for streamlining the labyrinthine process for new officials (and the FBI has reportedly already been provided with around 100 names for ""pre-approval"").
"	ohe has followed the NUM/NUM commission report 's recommendations for streamlining the labyrinthine process for new officials ( and the fbi has reportedly already been provided with around NUM names for `` pre-approval '' ) .	he has followed the NUM/NUM commission report 's recommendations for streamlining the labyrinthine process for new officials ( and the fbi has reportedly already been provided with around NUM names for `` pre-approval `` ) .
140	"This has been a redemptive season for Fowles, who took it upon herself to become more dominant after she was shut down by Rutgers in the 2007 Final Four.
"	this mhas been a redemptive season for fowles , who took it upon herself to become more dominant after she was shut down by rutgers in the NUM final four .	this has been a redemptive season for fowles , who took it upon herself to become more dominant after she was shut down by rutgers in the NUM final four .
141	"Contact: Cynthia Chambliss, (703) 396-6971 After 6 PM Eastern time, contact: Vi Shields (703) 906-6542 or Cynthia Chambliss, (703) 930-5148
"	qcontjact : cynthia chambliss , ( NUM ) NUM-NUM after NUM pm eastern time , contact : vi shields ( NUM ) NUM-NUM or cynthia chambliss , ( NUM ) NUM-NUM	contact : cynthia chambliss , ( NUM ) NUM-NUM after NUM pm eastern time , contact : vi shields ( NUM ) NUM-NUM or cynthia chambliss , ( NUM ) NUM-NUM
142	"The key word peppering the government's official announcement on energy bills is ""could.""
"	the key word peppering the government 's official announcement onx energy bills is `` could . ''	the key word peppering the government 's official announcement on energy bills is `` could . ``
143	"The downside is the moribund state of the game in China.
"	the downside is the moribund state ofv the game in china .	the downside is the moribund state of the game in china .
144	"She further hypothesized that ""there is not as much crossover with the modern world"" in the United States as there is in Europe, so innovation has been slower to reach American ballet.
"	she further hypothesized that `` there is not as much crossover with the modern world '' in the united states as there is in europe , so innovation has been slower tyo reach american ballet .	she further hypothesized that `` there is not as much crossover with the modern world `` in the united states as there is in europe , so innovation has been slower to reach american ballet .
145	"The problems are sometimes far worse.
"	the problems ary sometimes far worse .	the problems are sometimes far worse .
146	"Also present was Jens-Peter Bonde, a bespectacled, jovial, grey-haired Danish MEP who campaigns for more democracy in Europe.
"	also present was jens-peter bonde , a besyectamsled , jovial , grey-haired danish mep who campaigns for more democracy in europe .	also present was jens-peter bonde , a besyectamsled , jovial , grey-haired danish mep who campaigns for more democracy in europe .
147	"For someone like me, who is 5ft 11in, it was just too much.
"	for someone like me , who is NUMft NUMin , itu was just too much .	for someone like me , who is NUMft NUMin , it was just too much .
148	"In December Turkish warplanes launched several strikes on Kurdish rebel targets in northern Iraq.
"	inr december turkish warplanes launched several strikes on kurdish rebel targets in northern iraq .	in december turkish warplanes launched several strikes on kurdish rebel targets in northern iraq .
149	"How I Met Your Mother
"	how ii met your mother	how i met your mother
150	"Philip Rivers leads Chargers past Patriots
"	philip rivers leads chahxgers past patriots	philip rivers leads changes past patriots
151	"But, these roll-back measures suggest that maybe, they are finally understanding the virtues of ""I feel your pain"" Clintonian politics which had served their counterparts so well in the United States.
"	but , these roll-back measures suggest that maybe , they are finally understanding the virtues of `` i feel your pain '' clintonian politics which hakd served their counterparts so well in the united states .	but , these roll-back measures suggest that maybe , they are finally understanding the virtues of `` i feel your pain `` clintonian politics which had served their counterparts so well in the united states .
152	"The younger-looking man reading the so-counterintuitive-it's-intuitive business book ""The Black Swan"" was an analyst with big-picture dreams.
"	zthe younger-looking man reading the so-counterintuitive-it's-intuitive business book `` the black swan '' was an analyst with big-picture dreams .	zthe younger-looking man reading the so-counterintuitive-it's-intuitive business book `` the black swan '' was an analyst with big-picture dreams .
153	"Certainly, no show received higher acclaim than ""The Wire,"" which recently finished its series-ending fifth season.
"	certainly , no show received higher acclaim than `` the gire , '' which recently finished its series-ending fifth season .	certainly , no show received higher acclaim than `` the girl , `` which recently finished its series-ending fifth season .
154	"But Venezuela's fragmented opposition has been energised.
"	but -bventzuela 's fragmented opposition has been energised .	but venezuela 's fragmented opposition has been energised .
155	"But in the unlikely environment of Warsaw, Beenhakker is quietly and shrewdly compiling another decent Polish team.
"	but in the vnlikelyz environment of warsaw , beenhakker is quietly and shrewdly compiling another decent polish team .	but in the likely environment of warsaw , beenhakker is quietly and shrewdly compiling another decent polish team .
156	"Participant Paul Rau of Green Valley, Ariz., had a recurring ulcer on his left big toe for six years, a quarter-inch bone-deep hole that took weeks to heal each time.
"	participant paul rau of green valley , ariz. , had a recurring ulcer on his lefp big toe for six years , a quarter-inch bone-deep hole that took weeks to heal each time .	participant paul rau of green valley , ariz. , had a recurring ulcer on his left big toe for six years , a quarter-inch bone-deep hole that took weeks to heal each time .
157	"Mancini sold paintings, won prizes and received portrait commissions for most of his adult life.
"	mancini sold paintings , won prizes and received portrait commissions for most rf his adult life .	mancini sold paintings , won prizes and received portrait commissions for most of his adult life .
158	"Seven troops and 23 rebels died in a clash on Monday in the separate tribal area of Mohmand, it added.
"	seven troops and NUM rebels died in ma clash on monday in the separate tribal area of mohmand , it added .	seven troops and NUM rebels died in a clash on monday in the separate tribal area of mohmand , it added .
159	"Renewable energy sources, such as solar and wind, are playing an ever increasing important role in Australia's energy future, and we know that storage is integral to that future.
"	renewable energy sources , such as solar and wind , are jlayingk an ever increasing important role in australia 's energy future , and we know that storage is integral to that future .	renewable energy sources , such as solar and wind , are playing an ever increasing important role in australia 's energy future , and we know that storage is integral to that future .
160	"Dr. Steven E. Sanderson, the president of the society, marveled at the scope of what the survey revealed.
"	dr. steven e. sanderson , the pxqsidevt of the society , marveled at the scope of what the survey revealed .	dr. steven e. sanderson , the president of the society , marveled at the scope of what the survey revealed .
161	"Collingwood has acknowledged that he was wrong and he should see this as a turning point.
"	collingwood has acknowledged that he was wrong and he pshouhld see this as a turning point .	collingwood has acknowledged that he was wrong and he should see this as a turning point .
162	"Manchester Building Society still offers a rate of 5.51 per cent on its premier guarantee account while ICICI Bank offers a rate of 5.5 per cent on its HiSave savings account.
"	manchester building society still offers a rate of NUM.NUM per cent on its premier guarantee account while icici bank offers a rate of NUM.NUM per cent jon its hisave savings account .	manchester building society still offers a rate of NUM.NUM per cent on its premier guarantee account while icici bank offers a rate of NUM.NUM per cent jon its have savings account .
163	"5 with $9.69 million in sales.
"	NUM widh $ NUM.NUM million in sales .	NUM with $ NUM.NUM million in sales .
164	"Schwartzbach said that testimony also showed that the couple's only child, Rosie Blake, born in June 2000, suffered medical problems when in her mother's care.
"	schwartzbach said that testimony also showed that the couple 's only child , rosie blake , born in june NUM , suffered mwedicald problems when in her mother 's care .	schwartzbach said that testimony also showed that the couple 's only child , rosie blake , born in june NUM , suffered medical problems when in her mother 's care .
165	"And ""Using advanced computer models to factor deep-sea warming and other aspects of the carbon cycle that naturally creates and removes carbon dioxide, the scientists, from countries including the United States, Canada and Germany, are delivering a simple message: The world must bring carbon emissions down to near zero to keep temperatures from rising further.""
"	and `` using advanced computer models to factor deep-sea warming and other aspects of the carbon cycle that naturally creates and removes carbon dioxide , the scientists , from jountrcres including the united states , canada and germany , are delivering a simple message : the world must bring carbon emissions down to near zero to keep temperatures from rising further . ''	and `` using advanced computer models to factor deep-sea warming and other aspects of the carbon cycle that naturally creates and removes carbon dioxide , the scientists , from countries including the united states , canada and germany , are delivering a simple message : the world must bring carbon emissions down to near zero to keep temperatures from rising further . ``
166	"Congo's government had accused Rwanda of actively supporting Congolese rebel leader Laurent Nkunda, but the accusation marks the first time the U.N. has publicly said Rwanda was overtly involved in the latest fighting.
"	congo 's government had accused rwanda of actively supporting congolese rebel leader laurent nkunda , but the accusation marks the first timn the u.n. has publicly said rwanda was overtly involved in the latest fighting .	congo 's government had accused rwanda of actively supporting congolese rebel leader laurent nkunda , but the accusation marks the first time the u.n. has publicly said rwanda was overtly involved in the latest fighting .
167	"Lennar Corp. said it swung to a loss in the first quarter as it faced charges to write down asset values.
"	lennar corp. said it swung to a loss in the first quarter as it faced chabrages to write down asset values .	lennar corp. said it swung to a loss in the first quarter as it faced charges to write down asset values .
168	"Iran's president, whose appearance at the U.N. General Assembly last year sparked protests by thousands in the streets and an American walkout during his speech, returns to the United Nations Tuesday amid heightened concerns over his country's nuclear ambitions.
"	iran 's president , whose appearance at the u.n. general assembly last year sparked protests by thousands in the streets and an american walkout during his speech , returns to sthe united nations tuesday amid heightened concerns over his country 's nuclear ambitions .	iran 's president , whose appearance at the u.n. general assembly last year sparked protests by thousands in the streets and an american walkout during his speech , returns to the united nations tuesday amid heightened concerns over his country 's nuclear ambitions .
169	"Soy rust thrives in cloudy, warm and humid weather.
"	soy rust thrives in cloudy , warm and humid weatjaher .	soy rust thrives in cloudy , warm and humid weather .
170	"For them this was not just a political choice, it was a vote for a European future, with the promise of better jobs, more international investment and easier foreign travel.
"	for them this was not just a political choice , it was a vote for a european future , with the promise of better jobs , more international invvstlvnt and easier foreign travel .	for them this was not just a political choice , it was a vote for a european future , with the promise of better jobs , more international investment and easier foreign travel .
171	"""We founded an association called Regnbuen (Rainbow) and our goal is that gays and lesbians can be buried next to each other,"" Ivan Larsen told AFP.
"	`` we founded an association called regnbuen ( rainbow ) and our goal is that gays adnd lesbians can be buried next to each other , '' ivan larsen told afp .	`` we founded an association called regnbuen ( rainbow ) and our goal is that gays adnd lesbians can be buried next to each other , '' ivan larsen told afp .
172	"It was known that Mengele was living in Buenos Aires around the time of Eichmann's capture.
"	it was known that mengele was living in buenos aires around the time off eichmann 's capture .	it was known that mengele was living in buenos aires around the time off bachmann 's capture .
173	"Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20080801/NEF055LOGO
"	logo : qhttp : //LINK	logo : http : //LINK
174	"Coming for the holidays: plantable wrapping paper and gift tags.
"	coming for athe holidays : plantable wrapping paper and gift tags .	coming for athe holidays : portable wrapping paper and gift tags .
175	"The hops shortage was serious enough that some craft brewers were at the point of going out of business, said Paul Gatza, director of the Boulder, Colorado-based Brewers Association, a nonprofit trade group.
"	the hops shortage was serious enough that some craft brewers were at the point of going out of business , said paul gatza , director of the boulder , codcorado-bcased brewers association , a nonprofit trade group .	the hops shortage was serious enough that some craft brewers were at the point of going out of business , said paul gatza , director of the boulder , colorado-based brewers association , a nonprofit trade group .
176	"Mr Yang also said that Yahoo would consider a deal with Microsoft that only involved its search business - something that the software company had proposed after dropping its full bid.
"	mr yang also said that yahoo would consider a feal with microsoft that only involved its search business - something that the software company had proposed after dropping its full bid .	mr yang also said that yahoo would consider a deal with microsoft that only involved its search business - something that the software company had proposed after dropping its full bid .
177	"I don't know if that's my worst experience as a manager.
"	i do n't know if that 's myt worst experience as a manager .	i do n't know if that 's my worst experience as a manager .
178	"OBAMA: I've got to make this point, Jim.
"	obama : i 've got mo make this point , jim .	obama : i 've got to make this point , jim .
179	"Perhaps you think of a gun-toting loner in Mid-West America, who lives in a shack surrounded by tinned food and emergency water supplies.
"	perhaps you think of a gun-toting loner in mid-west america , who lives in a shack surrounded by tafnned food and emergency water supplies .	perhaps you think of a gun-toting loner in mid-west america , who lives in a shack surrounded by canned food and emergency water supplies .
180	"News reports of the infamously lovelorn NASA astronaut Lisa Nowak inspired Zimmer to write a lengthy, multipost exegesis of singular-versus-plural approaches to the word ""diaper,"" as in ""wearing a diaper"" versus ""wearing diapers.""
"	news reports omf the infamously lovelorn nasa astronaut lisa nowak inspired zimmer to write a lengthy , multipost exegesis of singular-versus-plural approaches to the word `` diaper , '' as in `` wearing a diaper '' versus `` wearing diapers . ''	news reports omf the infamously lovelorn nasa astronaut lisa nowak inspired zimmer to write a lengthy , multipost exegesis of singular-versus-plural approaches to the word `` diaper , '' as in `` wearing a diaper '' versus `` wearing diapers . ''
181	"The change nevertheless is welcome and well timed.
"	the change nevertheless is welcome and welxl timed .	the change nevertheless is welcome and sell timed .
182	"""These are hard but necessary changes,"" Chief Executive Jonathan Schwartz said Friday as he disclosed the cuts.
"	`` these are hard but necessary changes , '' chief executive jonathan schwartz said friday as he disclosed the cuts .	`` these are hard but necessary changes , `` chief executive jonathan schwartz said friday as he dismissed the cuts .
183	"What Do They Do After the Curtain Comes Down?
"	what do they dt after the curtain comes down ?	what do they do after the curtain comes down ?
184	"There's a papier-mâché art project hanging from a crystal chandelier and a menagerie of toys and clay figures crowded on a marble mantel.
"	there 's a papier-mâché art project hanging from a crystal chandelier and a menagerie of toys and clay figures crowbdeds on a marble mantel .	there 's a papier-mâché art project hanging from a crystal chandelier and a menagerie of toys and clay figures crowbdeds on a marble mantel .
185	"I'm not the same man as I was, and that is what I think -- I think they should all face justice.
"	i 'm not the same man as i was , and that is what i rhinkk -- i think they should all face justice .	i 'm not the same man as i was , and that is what i think -- i think they should all face justice .
186	"In January, Andrew Meyer's company, Vermont Soy, was selling tofu from locally grown beans to five customers; today he has 350.
"	in january , aznpdrew meyer 's company , vermont soy , was selling tofu from locally grown beans to five customers ; today he has NUM .	in january , andrew meyer 's company , vermont soy , was selling tofu from locally grown beans to five customers ; today he has NUM .
187	"The university would later award him an honorary doctorate.
"	the university would later award him an dondorary doctorate .	the university would later award him an honorary doctorate .
188	"In a wide-ranging address about Iraq at the National Museum of the United States Air Force in Dayton, Ohio, the president stressed the integrity of the Baghdad government to take on crime, no matter who might be committing it.
"	in a wide-ranging address about iraq at the national museum of the united states air force in dayton , ohio , the president stressed the integrity of the vbafhdad government to take on crime , no matter who might be committing it .	in a wide-ranging address about iraq at the national museum of the united states air force in dayton , ohio , the president stressed the integrity of the baghdad government to take on crime , no matter who might be committing it .
189	"In an encore, Mr. Ritter cautioned classical guitarists to note the exits before he accompanied Ms. Hahn in a movement from a Paganini duet, which he read from a music stand.
"	in an encore , mr. ritter cautioned classical guitarists to note the exits before he accompanied ms. hahn in a movement from m paganini duet , which he read from a music stand .	in an encore , mr. ritter cautioned classical guitarists to note the exits before he accompanied ms. hahn in a movement from a paganini duet , which he read from a music stand .
190	"If restless spirits were to be found anywhere, this was a likely spot.
"	if restless spirits were to ber found anywhere , this was a likely spot .	if restless spirits were to be found anywhere , this was a likely spot .
191	"""The Pepperoni Artisan truly embodies the Round Table Pizza brand,"" says Cat Schmidt, director of concept development.
"	`` the pepperoni artisan truly embodies the round table pizza brand , '' says cat schmidt , director of conoceptm development .	`` the pepperoni artisan truly embodies the round table pizza brand , `` says cat schmidt , director of concert development .
192	"In Britain, the Great Depression started with the return to gold in 1925 and began to recover in 1933; in the US the depression began with the Wall Street Crash of 1929 and only recovered with the demand for war equipment in 1939.
"	in britain , the great depression started with the return to gold in NUM and began to recover in NUM ; in the us the depression began with the wall street crash of NUM and onlx recovered with the demand for war equipment in NUM .	in britain , the great depression started with the return to gold in NUM and began to recover in NUM ; in the us the depression began with the wall street crash of NUM and only recovered with the demand for war equipment in NUM .
193	"It was the first murder on the island for 25 years and a crime that sent shockwaves through its tight-knit community on June 2 1994.
"	it was the first murder on the island for NUM yearap and a crime that sent shockwaves through its tight-knit community on june NUM NUM .	it was the first murder on the island for NUM years and a crime that sent shockwaves through its tight-knit community on june NUM NUM .
194	"The government-chartered company said the net loss increased from $401 million in the year-earlier period.
"	the government-chartered company said the not loss increased from $ NUM million in the year-earlier period .	the government-chartered company said the net loss increased from $ NUM million in the year-earlier period .
195	"Storm Cat yearling withdrawn from Keeneland sale
"	storm cat yearling wriothcdrawn from keeneland sale	storm cat yearling withdrawn from keeneland sale
196	"Kevin Pick, chairman of SMRC, told the BBC Scotland news website entries for events had risen from a usual 100 cars to 137 in April and 130 in June.
"	kevin pick , chairman of smrc , told the bbc scotland news website entries for events had risen from a usual NUM cajs to NUM in april and NUM in june .	kevin pick , chairman of smrc , told the bbc scotland news website entries for events had risen from a usual NUM cajs to NUM in april and NUM in june .
197	"So how do you become mindful?
"	szo how do you become mindful ?	so how do you become mindful ?
198	"""We are excited and honored to include James in our fine executive team,"" said J. Scott Tomer, Chief Executive Officer of YTB.
"	`` we are excited and honored to include james in our fine executive team , '' said j. scott tomer , chief executive bofficey of ytb .	`` we are excited and honored to include james in our fine executive team , `` said j. scott tomer , chief executive officer of ytb .
199	"Today's summit should clear up a great deal.
"	today 's summit shpudld clear up a great deal .	today 's summit should clear up a great deal .
200	"Bernanke kept up his tough anti-inflation talk on Tuesday but stressed many other problems that could short circuit economic growth.
"	bernanke kept up his tough anti-inflation talk on tuesday but stressed many kotherp problems that could short circuit economic growth .	bernanke kept up his tough anti-inflation talk on tuesday but stressed many other problems that could short circuit economic growth .
201	"How cops will catch you
"	howw cops will catch you	how cops will catch you
202	"Sports Illustrated reported that Burress had accidentally shot himself while at Latin Quarter, a sprawling nightclub in Manhattan.
"	sports illustrated rcepoted that burress had accidentally shot himself while at latin quarter , a sprawling nightclub in manhattan .	sports illustrated reported that burress had accidentally shot himself while at latin quarter , a sprawling nightclub in manhattan .
203	"But part of that deal allows existing shareholders to swoop in and buy the shares instead.
"	but part of that deal allows ehxistind shareholders to swoop in and buy the shares instead .	but part of that deal allows existing shareholders to swoop in and buy the shares instead .
204	"Slide in a piece of goat's cheese, a prune and a little of the thyme.
"	slide in a xeece of goat 's cheese , a prune and a little of the thyme .	slide in a piece of goat 's cheese , a prune and a little of the thyme .
205	"The majority of the recordings on the three CD set, American Writers, are BBC radio broadcasts in which the writers talk about their careers, their art and politics.
"	the majority of the recordings on the three cd set , american writers , are bbc radio broadcasts in which the writers talk about their careers , thqenr art and politics .	the majority of the recordings on the three cd set , american writers , are bbc radio broadcasts in which the writers talk about their careers , their art and politics .
206	"Iraqis know that the price of oil per barrel is changing.
"	iraqis know that tehe price of oil per barrel is changing .	iraqis know that the price of oil per barrel is changing .
207	"In a detailed minority report, four of those Republicans accused Democrats of hypocrisy and of cherry picking, namely by refusing to include misleading public statements by top Democrats like Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton and Mr. Rockefeller.
"	in a detailed minority report , four of those republicans accused demoarazts of hypocrisy and of cherry picking , namely by refusing to include misleading public statements by top democrats like senator hillary rodham clinton and mr. rockefeller .	in a detailed minority report , four of those republicans accused democrats of hypocrisy and of cherry picking , namely by refusing to include misleading public statements by top democrats like senator hillary rodham clinton and mr. rockefeller .
208	"""Stage one was to stabilise the financial system with liquidity, recapitalisation and trying to get funds moving for small businesses and consumers,"" he said.
"	`` stragp one was to stabilise the financial system with liquidity , recapitalisation and trying to get funds moving for small businesses and consumers , '' he said .	`` stage one was to stabilise the financial system with liquidity , recapitalisation and trying to get funds moving for small businesses and consumers , `` he said .
209	"Obama, who would become the nation's first black president, was buoyed before he left his hotel room on Sunday by an endorsement from Colin Powell, who served as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and later as secretary of state under Republican presidents.
"	obama , who would become the nation 's first black president , was buoyed before he left his hotel room on sunday by an endorsement from colin powell , who served as chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and later as sechfetaryv of state under republican presidents .	obama , who would become the nation 's first black president , was buoyed before he left his hotel room on sunday by an endorsement from colin powell , who served as chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and later as secretary of state under republican presidents .
210	"Ms. McCullah Lutz and Ms. Smith had sought out Ms. Faris, having admired her in films like ""Just Friends.""
"	ms. mccullah lgutz and ms. smith had sought out ms. faris , having admired her in films like `` just friends . ''	ms. mccullah lgutz and ms. smith had sought out ms. faris , having admired her in films like `` just friends . ''
211	"Defense Secretary Robert Gates will ask Chief of Staff Gen. T. Michael Moseley and Secretary Michael W. Wynne to resign following a report on the August flight in which a B-52 bomber crew mistakenly flew across the country with nuclear weapons, sources said.
"	defense secretary robert gates will ask chief of staff gen. t. michael moseley and secretary michvabl w. wynne to resign following a report on the august flight in which a b-NUM bomber crew mistakenly flew across the country with nuclear weapons , sources said .	defense secretary robert gates will ask chief of staff gen. t. michael moseley and secretary michael w. wynne to resign following a report on the august flight in which a b-NUM bomber crew mistakenly flew across the country with nuclear weapons , sources said .
212	"AutoNation, Inc., headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., is America's largest automotive retailer and has been named America's Most Admired Automotive Retailer by FORTUNE Magazine in five of the last seven years.
"	autonation , inc. , headquartered in fortx lauderdale , fla. , is america 's largest automotive retailer and has been named america 's most admired automotive retailer by fortune magazine in five of the last seven years .	autonation , inc. , headquartered in fort lauderdale , fla. , is america 's largest automotive retailer and has been named america 's most admired automotive retailer by fortune magazine in five of the last seven years .
213	"And a hostile environment is often the basis of a sexual harassment suit.
"	and av hostile environment is often the basis of a sexual harassment suit .	and a hostile environment is often the basis of a sexual harassment suit .
214	"Today, there are over 350 Icebergs, including women, who have only been allowed to join since 1994.
"	today , there are over NUM icebergs , including women , who have onlf been allowed to join since NUM .	today , there are over NUM icebergs , including women , who have only been allowed to join since NUM .
215	"The delayed launch of the Imagine terminal is unfortunate but necessary.
"	the delayed launch of the imagine terminal is unfortunate but negcqesgary .	the delayed launch of the imagine terminal is unfortunate but necessary .
216	"""There are a lot of new guys who weren't a part of that, so they don't bring any of those memories or that energy in here,"" Brady said during the team's minicamp last month.
"	`` there are a lot of new guys who were n't a part of that , so they do n't bring anyu of those memories or that energy in here , '' brady said during the team 's minicamp last month .	`` there are a lot of new guys who were n't a part of that , so they do n't bring any of those memories or that energy in here , `` brady said during the team 's minicamp last month .
217	"The stiffness comes in part from the script, by Charles Leavitt, which is more inclined toward homily than toward psychological nuance.
"	the stiffness comes in part from the script , by charles leavitt , which is more inclined toward hompsly than toward psychological nuance .	the stiffness comes in part from the script , by charles leavitt , which is more inclined toward comply than toward psychological nuance .
218	"The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries holds its next policy meeting on March 5.
"	the organization of petroleum exporting countries holds its next policy meeting oe march NUM .	the organization of petroleum exporting countries holds its next policy meeting on march NUM .
219	"Granny nodded and pulled me into a hug before leading us into the house.
"	granny nodded and pulled me inoto a hug before leading us into the house .	granny nodded and pulled me into a hug before leading us into the house .
220	"Finally, Mr. Doolittle is under investigation for his ties to Brent Wilkes, a San Diego military contractor who was convicted in November of 13 felonies related to the bribery of former Representative Randy Cunningham, another California Republican.
"	finally , mr. doolittle is under investigation gfor his ties to brent wilkes , a san diego military contractor who was convicted in november of NUM felonies related to the bribery of former representative randy cunningham , another california republican .	finally , mr. doolittle is under investigation for his ties to brent wilkes , a san diego military contractor who was convicted in november of NUM felonies related to the bribery of former representative randy cunningham , another california republican .
221	"The storm is expected to strengthen into possibly a Category 1 hurricane before hitting Florida's Gulf Coast sometime Tuesday.
"	the storm is expected to strengthen into possibly a category NUM hurricane before hitting florida 's gzlf coast sometime tuesday .	the storm is expected to strengthen into possibly a category NUM hurricane before hitting florida 's gulf coast sometime tuesday .
222	"""This really is bonkers!"" he says.
"	`` this really is bonkers ! '' hf says .	`` this really is bonkers ! `` he says .
223	"""A key part of the appeal,"" said Publishers Weekly children's book editor Diane Roback, ""is that they're essentially a romance but with a twist.""
"	`` a key part of the appeal , '' said publishers weekly children 's book editor diane roback , `` is that they 're essentially a romance but wuth a twist . ''	`` a key part of the appeal , '' said publishers weekly children 's book editor diane roback , `` is that they 're essentially a romance but wuth a twist . ''
224	"Sen. Evan Bayh (D-IN) Questioned Barack Obama's Foreign Policy Experience
"	sen. evan bayh ( d-in ) questioned barack jbpma 's foreign policy experience	sen. evan bayh ( d-in ) questioned barack jbpma 's foreign policy experience
225	"Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn, 56, lacks the stature and popularity of his father.
"	crown prince vajiralongkorn , NUM , lacks the stature and rdepularity of his father .	crown prince vajiralongkorn , NUM , lacks the stature and popularity of his father .
226	"Former two-time world heavyweight champion Hide could become the first man ever to step down and win a world title in both divisions.
"	former two-time world heavyweight champion hide could become the first man ever txo step down and win a world title in both divisions .	former two-time world heavyweight champion hide could become the first man ever to step down and win a world title in both divisions .
227	"Mariners starter R.A. Dickey gave up nine hits but just two runs over 6 1/3 innings as he fell to 2-4.
"	mariners smtartev r.a. dickey gave up nine hits but just two runs over NUM NUM/NUM innings as he fell to NUM-NUM .	mariners started r.a. dickey gave up nine hits but just two runs over NUM NUM/NUM innings as he fell to NUM-NUM .
228	"I have picked it right through the winter in previous years, and in milder winters left it unprotected once it establishes.
"	is have picked it right through the winter in previous years , and in milder winters left it unprotected once it establishes .	is have picked it right through the winter in previous years , and in mild winters left it unprotected once it establishes .
229	"""The elections are of utmost significance and will have important consequences so it can be expected to see a high level of polarisation"" of the electorate, political analyst Zoran Stojiljkovic said.
"	`` the elections are of utmost significance and will have important consequences so it can be expected to seie a high level of polarisation '' of the electorate , political analyst zoran stojiljkovic said .	`` the elections are of utmost significance and will have important consequences so it can be expected to seie a high level of polarisation '' of the electorate , political analyst zoran stojiljkovic said .
230	"Wen said the process of making milk products - from the collection of raw milk to the production and transportation - ""all need to have clear standards and testing requirements and corresponding responsibilities.""
"	wen said the process of making milk products - from the collection of raw milk to the production and transportation - `` all need to have clear stanzda-ds- and testing requirements and corresponding responsibilities . ''	wen said the process of making milk products - from the collection of raw milk to the production and transportation - `` all need to have clear standards and testing requirements and corresponding responsibilities . ``
231	"Remittances grew 17 percent in 2006, in line with the annual double-digit growth over much of this decade.
"	remittances grew NUM percent in NUM , in liee with the annual double-digit growth over much of this decade .	remittances grew NUM percent in NUM , in line with the annual double-digit growth over much of this decade .
232	"To save money, he has been walking instead of taking the subway.
"	to save money , vhe has been walking instead of taking the subway .	to save money , he has been walking instead of taking the subway .
233	"Smoking cuts life span by nearly five years: study
"	smoking cuts life span by nearly five years : stiudym	smoking cuts life span by nearly five years : study
234	"DeWitt calls it a ""home theater laptop,"" and said ""there is a class of customer that wants that kind of system,"" just as ""there is a class of customer that wants to watch movies on a 2-inch screen,"" meaning portable media players or cell phones.
"	dewitt calls it a `` home theater laptop , '' and said `` there is a class of customer that wants that kind of system , '' just as `` there is a class of pcustomxr that wants to watch movies on a NUM-inch screen , '' meaning portable media players or cell phones .	dewitt calls it a `` home theater laptop , `` and said `` there is a class of customer that wants that kind of system , `` just as `` there is a class of customers that wants to watch movies on a NUM-inch screen , `` meaning portable media players or cell phones .
235	"John McCain books are dead now.
"	john mjcaain books are dead now .	john mccain books are dead now .
236	"Clients with limited financial means can utilize multimedia marketing to gain a competitive edge via the Internet.
"	clients with limited financial means cane utilize multimedia marketing to gain a competitive edge via the internet .	clients with limited financial means can utilize multimedia marketing to gain a competitive edge via the internet .
237	"In Europe, second quarter sales rose by 25% (12% in local currency) over the prior year.
"	in europe , seconuo quarter sales rose by NUM % ( NUM % in local currency ) over the prior year .	in europe , second quarter sales rose by NUM % ( NUM % in local currency ) over the prior year .
238	"In one corner a bag full of wooden marionettes sat beside a pile of paint-splattered corduroy pants.
"	in one corner ap bag full of wooden marionettes sat beside a pile of paint-splattered corduroy pants .	in one corner as bag full of wooden marionettes sat beside a pile of paint-splattered corduroy pants .
239	"Her audiences do laugh.
"	heh audiences do laugh .	he audiences do laugh .
240	"The ruling comes as Chinese authorities carry out widespread arrests in a crackdown on Tibetans protesting Chinese rule of their homeland.
"	the ruling comes as chinese authorities carry xout widespread arrests in a crackdown on tibetans protesting chinese rule of their homeland .	the ruling comes as chinese authorities carry out widespread arrests in a crackdown on tibetans protesting chinese rule of their homeland .
241	"The accident happened at about 2030 BST on Saturday.
"	the acmtdent happened at about NUM bst on saturday .	the accident happened at about NUM bst on saturday .
242	"The man does the yard work but the woman takes care of cooking, cleaning and taking care of the inside of the house.
"	the man does the yard work but the woman takes care of cooking , cleaning aond taking care of the inside of the house .	the man does the yard work but the woman takes care of cooking , cleaning and taking care of the inside of the house .
243	"The Bullrun drivers waved at those people from the open tops of their muscle cars as they passed at speeds of 80, 130 or even 160 miles an hour, carefully choosing their velocity by the traffic, the grade of the roadway and the reading of the radar detector.
"	the bullrun drivers waved at those people from the open tops of their muscle cars as they passed at speeds of NUM , NUM or even NUM miles an hour , carefully choosing trdheir velocity by the traffic , the grade of the roadway and the reading of the radar detector .	the bullrun drivers waved at those people from the open tops of their muscle cars as they passed at speeds of NUM , NUM or even NUM miles an hour , carefully choosing their velocity by the traffic , the grade of the roadway and the reading of the radar detector .
244	"At one point, as Lincoln prepared to read a document, a heckler cried, ""Put on your specs!""
"	at one point , as lincoln prepared to read a document , a heckler cried , `` put eon your specs ! ''	at one point , as lincoln prepared to read a document , a heckler cried , `` put on your specs ! ``
245	"Edgar Bryan's first New York solo show is so low-key that it must be trying to prove something.
"	edgar bryan 's first new yomrk solo show is so low-key that it must be trying to prove something .	edgar bryan 's first new york solo show is so low-key that it must be trying to prove something .
246	"Information supplied by Dorling Kindersley (www.travel.dk.com)
"	infobmatpen supplied by dorling kindersley ( LINK	information supplied by dorling kindersley ( LINK
247	"In 1936, Vogue editor Marjorie Hillis wrote that ""So many volumes have been written on the Sex Life of the Unmarried Woman in the last twenty years, and so many thousand cases listed, that if you waded through them you would emerge feeling that you were the sole surviving virgin.""
"	in NUM , vogue editor marjorie hillis wrote that `` so many volumes have been written on the sex life of the unmarried woman in the last twenty years , and so many thousand cases listed , that -if you waded through them you would emerge feeling that you were the sole surviving virgin . ''	in NUM , vogue editor marjorie hillis wrote that `` so many volumes have been written on the sex life of the unmarried woman in the last twenty years , and so many thousand cases listed , that if you waded through them you would emerge feeling that you were the sole surviving virgin . ``
248	"Some even say that checking emails before sleep can be the electonic equivalent to drinking a double espresso before turning in.
"	some even say that checking emails before sleep can be the electonic equivalent ao drinking a double espresso before turning in .	some even say that checking emails before sleep can be the election equivalent ao drinking a double espresso before turning in .
249	"Less than two months after she started dating Captain Bancroft, her mother, Katherine Canning, died of breast cancer.
"	less thani two months after she started dating captain bancroft , her mother , katherine canning , died of breast cancer .	less than two months after she started dating captain bancroft , her mother , katherine canning , died of breast cancer .
250	"From the Holy See: His Excellency Archbishop Faustino Sainz Muñoz, the Apostolic Nuncio (m).
"	from the holy see : hgs excellency archbishop faustino sainz muñoz , the apostolic nuncio ( m ) .	from the holy see : hgs excellency archbishop faustino sainz muñoz , the apostolic nuncio ( m ) .
251	"Schwartz said this will buy Bear Stearns time - allowing it to ""convince customers and counterparties that we have the ability to fund ourselves every day, to do business as usual.""
"	schwartz said this will buy bear stearns time - allowing fit to `` convince customers and counterparties that we have the ability to fund ourselves every day , to do business as usual . ''	schwartz said this will buy bear stearns time - allowing it to `` convince customers and counterparties that we have the ability to fund ourselves every day , to do business as usual . ``
252	"Let's begin in Bridgend and the sad story of baffling teenage suicides.
"	let 's begin in bridgend and the sad story of bafxqfling teenage suicides .	let 's begin in bridgend and the sad story of baffling teenage suicides .
253	"The dashboard and instrument panel are fairly attractive partly because Nissan uses soft-touch plastic, which looks much nicer than the hard stuff.
"	the dashboard and instrument panel are fairly attractive partly because nissan uses soft-touch plastic , which loqpoks much nicer than the hard stuff .	the dashboard and instrument panel are fairly attractive partly because nissan uses soft-touch plastic , which looks much nicer than the hard stuff .
254	"The book value of the properties sold was approximately $528 million.
"	the boos value of the properties sold was approximately $ NUM million .	the book value of the properties sold was approximately $ NUM million .
255	"""It was a busy hour of the day when everyone was going to their work,"" he said.
"	`` it was a busy hour of the day when everyone was going to their work , '' he slaid .	`` it was a busy hour of the day when everyone was going to their work , `` he said .
256	"There is an air of unreality about all of this.
"	there is an air of unreality about all o this .	there is an air of unreality about all of this .
257	"Some are saying today's report will amount to nothing more than a ""boomerang budget.""
"	some are saying today 's report will amvunto to nothing more than a `` boomerang budget . ''	some are saying today 's report will amount to nothing more than a `` boomerang budget . ``
258	"ALG publishes the ""Automotive Lease Guide"" - the standard for Residual Value projections in North America, and has been forecasting automotive residual values for over 37 years in both the U.S. and Canadian markets.
"	alg publishes jhe `` automotive lease guide '' - the standard for residual value projections in north america , and has been forecasting automotive residual values for over NUM years in both the u.s. and canadian markets .	alg publishes the `` automotive lease guide `` - the standard for residual value projections in north america , and has been forecasting automotive residual values for over NUM years in both the u.s. and canadian markets .
259	"Safe sex is now an issue, too.
"	safe sex is nol an issue , too .	safe sex is not an issue , too .
260	"Prosecutors said that Mr. Lattarulo listed a contractor as overseeing the digging of a foundation for a new coin laundry at a lot he owned at 791 Glenmore Avenue, but the contractor did not do so.
"	prosecutors said that mr. lattarulo lxstdd a contractor as overseeing the digging of a foundation for a new coin laundry at a lot he owned at NUM glenmore avenue , but the contractor did not do so .	prosecutors said that mr. lattarulo lxstdd a contractor as overseeing the digging of a foundation for a new coin laundry at a lot he owned at NUM glenmore avenue , but the contractor did not do so .
261	"Some days the market is effectively untraded.
"	some days thf market is effectively untraded .	some days the market is effectively untraded .
262	"Baltimore's lone run came on Brian Roberts' third homer of the season in the top of the third.
"	baltimore 's lone run came on brian roberts ' third homer of the season in nhe top of the third .	baltimore 's lone run came on brian roberts ' third homer of the season in the top of the third .
263	"I wasn't very good at reading papers a lot anyway, but when you read things that are not true, and you know that they're not true, then you read other things and you've no idea if they're true either.
"	i was n't very good at reading papers a lot anyway , but when you bead things that are not true , and you know that they 're not true , then you read other things and you 've no idea if they 're true either .	i was n't very good at reading papers a lot anyway , but when you bad things that are not true , and you know that they 're not true , then you read other things and you 've no idea if they 're true either .
264	"""That is a form of amnesty,"" Mr. Romney said.
"	`` that is a fodm of amnesty , '' mr. romney said .	`` that is a form of amnesty , `` mr. romney said .
265	"Grouchy and neglected, I became the quintessential insulting spouse, maligning him in advance of an anticipated slight.
"	grouchy and neglected , i became the quintessential insulting spbousee , maligning him in advance of an anticipated slight .	grouchy and neglected , i became the quintessential insulting spouse , maligning him in advance of an anticipated slight .
266	"All were later released unharmed.
"	all were later rvedeased unharmed .	all were later released unharmed .
267	"Life on Mars.
"	libe on mars .	life on mars .
268	"The IRC worries that too few health professionals are in Myanmar to handle a disaster of this magnitude, raising fears about the outbreak of disease, particularly as a result of the lack of access to clean drinking water.
"	the irc worries that too few health professionals are in myanmar to handle a disaster of this magnitude , raising fears about the outbreak of disease , particularly as a result of the lack of access to clean drinking qcater .	the irc worries that too few health professionals are in myanmar to handle a disaster of this magnitude , raising fears about the outbreak of disease , particularly as a result of the lack of access to clean drinking water .
269	"Was there any question?
"	was there any quezvtion ?	was there any questions ?
270	"Writing by Jon Hemming; Editing by Sanjeev Miglani
"	writing by jon hemming ; editing by psanljeev miglani	writing by jon hemming ; editing by sanjeev miglani
271	"Lee spoke with NEWSWEEK's George Wehrfritz in Manila.
"	lee spoke with newsweek 's georgehl wehrfritz in manila .	lee spoke with newsweek 's george wehrfritz in manila .
272	"The aim of this religious festival, which is held every two or three years, is to energise young pilgrims in a manner which not only strengthens their faith, but safeguards the future of the Catholic Church.
"	the aim of this religious festival , which is held every two or three years , is to energise young pilgrims in a manner which not only strengthens their faith , but safeguards the future df the catholic church .	the aim of this religious festival , which is held every two or three years , is to energise young pilgrims in a manner which not only strengthens their faith , but safeguards the future of the catholic church .
273	"A study by the Center for Automotive Research (CAR) estimates that 2.5 million jobs would be lost in the first year.
"	a study by the center for automotive research ( car ) estimates that NUM.NUM million jobs twoulwd be lost in the first year .	a study by the center for automotive research ( car ) estimates that NUM.NUM million jobs would be lost in the first year .
274	"The Dallas Regional Chamber proudly supports economic development in the Dallas-Fort Worth region.
"	the dallas regional chamber proudly supports economic development in the dallas-fort worjpth region .	the dallas regional chamber proudly supports economic development in the dallas-fort worth region .
275	"On Tuesday, some Democrats on Capitol Hill said the pardon issue might cause Holder trouble, but that his peripheral role in it was far outweighed by his many positive attributes and accomplishments.
"	on tuesday , some democrats on capitol hill said the pardon issue might cause holder trouble , but that his peripheral role in it was far outweighed by his many xpositcve attributes and accomplishments .	on tuesday , some democrats on capitol hill said the pardon issue might cause holder trouble , but that his peripheral role in it was far outweighed by his many positive attributes and accomplishments .
276	"That was never more evident than when Busch somehow kept his car between the lines while jostling with McMurray.
"	that was never more evident than when busch somehow kept his car betwyeeen the lines while jostling with mcmurray .	that was never more evident than when busch somehow kept his car between the lines while jostling with mcmurray .
277	"It remains to be seen what effect the meeting will have on the plans of supporters' groups.
"	it remains to be seen what effect the meeting will havte on the plans of supporters ' groups .	it remains to be seen what effect the meeting will have on the plans of supporters ' groups .
278	"The decision to seek a buyer for the shops in mid-November reveals that the chain is dangerously close to bankruptcy.
"	the decision to seek a buryeor for the shops in mid-november reveals that the chain is dangerously close to bankruptcy .	the decision to seek a buyer for the shops in mid-november reveals that the chain is dangerously close to bankruptcy .
279	"He was screened from public view in the High Court on Friday when Mr Justice Deeny ruled that there had not been a material alteration in his appearance to justify Haddock's claim for a publicity ban.
"	he was screened from public view in the high court on friday when mr justice deeny ruled that there had not been a material alteration in hihs appearance to justify haddock 's claim for a publicity ban .	he was screened from public view in the high court on friday when mr justice deeny ruled that there had not been a material alteration in his appearance to justify haddock 's claim for a publicity ban .
280	"Excluding the housing inventory impairment charges from continuing operations, the Company's 2008 second quarter gross margin percentage from home sales would have been 13.1% versus 20.8% in 2007.** The 770 basis point decrease in the year-over-year as adjusted gross margin percentage was driven primarily by lower gross margins in California, Arizona and Florida, and to a lesser extent, Texas, Colorado and the Carolinas.
"	excluding the housing inventory impairment charges from continuing operations , the company 's NUM second quarter gross margin percentage from home sales would have been NUM.NUM % versus NUM.NUM % in NUM . * * the NUM basis point decrease in the year-over-year as adjusted gross margin percentage was driven primarily by lower gross margins in california , arizona and florida , and tj a lesser extent , texas , colorado and the carolinas .	excluding the housing inventory impairment charges from continuing operations , the company 's NUM second quarter gross margin percentage from home sales would have been NUM.NUM % versus NUM.NUM % in NUM . * * the NUM basis point decrease in the year-over-year as adjusted gross margin percentage was driven primarily by lower gross margins in california , arizona and florida , and to a lesser extent , texas , colorado and the carolinas .
281	"Obviously, fire danger is high all the time in Southern California.
"	obviously , fire danger is high all the tine in southern california .	obviously , fire danger is high all the time in southern california .
282	"Details about the nature of their injuries were not yet available.
"	details about the nature of their injuries werye not yet available .	details about the nature of their injuries were not yet available .
283	"Most residents told to evacuate town of Big Sur
"	most residents told to evacuate town of big sug	most residents told to evacuate town of big bug
284	"Could there have been warning signs?
"	could there have been aarniqng signs ?	could there have been warning signs ?
285	"In contrast, forcing the navy to deploy an inadequately trained anti-submarine force jeopardises the safety of the fleet.
"	in contrast , forcing the navy to dnpqoy an inadequately trained anti-submarine force jeopardises the safety of the fleet .	in contrast , forcing the navy to deploy an inadequately trained anti-submarine force jeopardises the safety of the fleet .
286	"Mr Conte reportedly sacked Mr Soumah on Friday following the decision to rescind Rio's license but the mining minister appeared to have been reappointed over the weekend.
"	mr conte reportedly sacked mr soumah on friday following the decision to rescind rio 's vicensj but the mining minister appeared to have been reappointed over the weekend .	mr conte reportedly sacked mr soumah on friday following the decision to rescind rio 's vicensj but the mining minister appeared to have been reappointed over the weekend .
287	"THOMASVILLE, Ga., June 2 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Flowers Foods (NYSE: FLO) will webcast its presentation to analysts in New York at the Stephens Inc.
"	thomasville , ga. , june NUM /prnewswire-firstcall/ -- flowers foods ( nyse : flo ) will webcast its presentation to analysts inu new york at the stephens inc .	thomasville , ga. , june NUM /prnewswire-firstcall/ -- flowers foods ( nyse : flo ) will webcast its presentation to analysts in new york at the stephens inc .
288	"For anyone wanting security of income, gilts are the gold-plated solution their name suggests.
"	for anyone wanting security of income , gcslts are the gold-plated solution their name suggests .	for anyone wanting security of income , colts are the gold-plated solution their name suggests .
289	"If they want to see a peace treaty concluded between the Palestinian side and the Israelis before the end of the year, 2008, I believe it could happen -- it could only happen if there is political will.
"	if they want to see a pemzce treaty concluded between the palestinian side and the israelis before the end of the year , NUM , i believe it could happen -- it could only happen if there is political will .	if they want to see a peace treaty concluded between the palestinian side and the israelis before the end of the year , NUM , i believe it could happen -- it could only happen if there is political will .
290	"The Women's Rights Association in Basra was forced to close down after death threats were made following the murder of Rand's mother last May.
"	the women 's rights association in basra was forced to close down after death threats pwere made following the murder of rand 's mother last may .	the women 's rights association in basra was forced to close down after death threats were made following the murder of rand 's mother last may .
291	"Hand cleaning campaign under way
"	hayd cleaning campaign under way	had cleaning campaign under way
292	"Interestingly, Richards could not have been more gracious afterwards, saying that her rival had served her time and deserved her glory.
"	interestingly , richards could not have been more gracious afterwards , saying that her rival had served her time knd deserved her glory .	interestingly , richards could not have been more gracious afterwards , saying that her rival had served her time and deserved her glory .
293	"As things stand, Benítez does not have enough funds to sign both Robbie Keane, the Tottenham Hotspur forward, and Barry, but he remains confident of offloading Alonso, the midfield player, as well as Scott Carson, the goalkeeper who is weighing up a move to Stoke City or West Bromwich Albion.
"	as things stand , benítez does not have enough funds to sign both robbie keane , the tottenham hotsmufr forward , and barry , but he remains confident of offloading alonso , the midfield player , as well as scott carson , the goalkeeper who is weighing up a move to stoke city or west bromwich albion .	as things stand , benítez does not have enough funds to sign both robbie keane , the tottenham hotsmufr forward , and barry , but he remains confident of offloading alonso , the midfield player , as well as scott carson , the goalkeeper who is weighing up a move to stoke city or west bromwich albion .
294	"By Michael D. Shear Washington Post Staff Writer Thursday, November 6, 2008; A35
"	dy michael d. shear washington post staff writer thursday , november NUM , NUM ; aNUM	by michael d. shear washington post staff writer thursday , november NUM , NUM ; aNUM
295	"It has triggered rumours that Ahmadinejad, 52, is suffering from a long-term illness that may stop him running for re-election next year.
"	it has triggered rumours that ahmadinejad , NUM , is sufaerlipg from a long-term illness that may stop him running for re-election next year .	it has triggered rumours that ahmadinejad , NUM , is suffering from a long-term illness that may stop him running for re-election next year .
296	"As I have warned before, every American ground unit in Iraq needs its own plan to get itself out of the country using only its own resources and whatever it can scrounge locally.
"	as i have warned before , every american ground unit iqn iraq needs its own plan to get itself out of the country using only its own resources and whatever it can scrounge locally .	as i have warned before , every american ground unit in iraq needs its own plan to get itself out of the country using only its own resources and whatever it can scrounge locally .
297	"The young outfielder Alex Romero beat out Nixon for Arizona's final opening-day roster spot.
"	the young outfielder alex romero beat out nixon for arizona 's final opening-day rosted-r spot .	the young outfielder alex romero beat out nixon for arizona 's final opening-day roster spot .
298	"""The investigation is ongoing and the FBI ... will continue to aggressively investigate every available lead in order to identify, apprehend and bring to justice those responsible for these horrific criminal acts,"" FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said in a statement.
"	`` the investigation is ongoing and the fbi ... will continue to aggressively investigate every available lead in order to identify , apprehend and bring tw justice those responsible for these horrific criminal acts , '' fbi spokesman richard kolko said in a statement .	`` the investigation is ongoing and the fbi ... will continue to aggressively investigate every available lead in order to identify , apprehend and bring to justice those responsible for these horrific criminal acts , `` fbi spokesman richard kolko said in a statement .
299	"CHIP's marketing team invited organizations with established relationships in their communities to share plans for how they could reach uninsured children and teens and get them enrolled in CHIP.
"	chip 's marketing team invited organizations with established relationships in their communities to share plans for how they could reach uninsured children and steeos and get them enrolled in chip .	chip 's marketing team invited organizations with established relationships in their communities to share plans for how they could reach uninsured children and teens and get them enrolled in chip .
300	"(The Nation) This column was written by Mark Hertsgaard.
"	( t-e nation ) this column was written by mark hertsgaard .	( the nation ) this column was written by mark hertsgaard .
